---
title: About
name: about
permalink: /en/about/
type: pages
layout: page
lang: en
version: 3
redirect_from:
  - /zh_TW/about/
  - /en/team/
---

## About us

Dpowcoin Core is an [open source](https://opensource.org/) project which maintains and releases Dpowcoin client software called "Dpowcoin Core".

Project is based at [Bitcoin Core Release v26.1](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/releases/tag/v26.1).

[Dpowcoin Core](https://github.com/dpowcore-project/dpowcoin) consists of both "full-node" software for fully validating the blockchain as well as a dpowcoin wallet. The project also currently maintains related software such as the cryptography library [libsecp256k1](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/secp256k1) and others located at [GitHub](https://github.com/dpowcore-project).

Anyone can [contribute to Dpowcoin Core](/en/contribute/).

## Team

[Someunknownman][]
[Mraksoll][]
This list will be expandet.

We hope the Dpowcoin Core project will have a large open source developer community with many casual contributors to the codebase.

### Maintainers
      
Project maintainers have commit access and are responsible for merging patches from contributors. They perform a janitorial role merging patches that the team agrees should be merged. They also act as a final check to ensure that patches are safe and in line with the project goals. The maintainers' role is by agreement of project contributors.  

### Contributors

Everyone is free to propose code changes and to test, review and comment on open Pull Requests.
Anyone who contributes code, review, test, translation or documentation to the Dpowcoin Core project is considered a contributor.
The release notes for each Dpowcoin Core software release contain a credits section to recognize all those who have contributed to the project over the previous release cycle.
A list of code contributors can be found on [Github][github-contributors].

### IMPORTANT !

<span style="color:red">We do not use "delayed POW" technology and are not related to komodo projects! We use double PoW or Dual POW!</span>


{% include references.md %}
